2024 is right around the corner and
you're asking the question where do I
put my money what do I invest in well
when it comes to stocks in this video
I'm going to break down exactly that you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you I'm going to give you some
information today some food for thought
and even if you're not an investor you
should pay attention to this because
that's going to basically explain how
the events will unfold in these coming
months there's a major event in fact and
that would be interest rate cuts that
are on the table in early 2024 that's
not only going to affect the stock
market that's going to affect everything
and so I ask you pay attention to this
right here and now share this with those
you think would find it valuable and of
course I'm going to break down
everything you need to know right here
let's begin what we're looking at right
now in this video is an analysis that I
did providing some some information to
the GPT that I've created so this looks
up all past cycles and Compares that to
current data and so when I do this it's
a lot more complicated than that but
essentially when I do this it provides
me with a report the people that have
access to this are part of my finance
Friday group it's a live session that we
do they have access to this and what
we're able to determine through this is
that look if this happened the last time
we can analyze why it happened we can go
through get all of that data which
stocks perform the best why they perform
the best specifically in relation to
what was happening during that time and
then we can kind of mirror that with the
events we're experiencing
today and so in this example here I
pulled up the rate cuts which is the
expectation for 2024 and the last time
we saw this which would be after the
financial crisis while these events are
different certainly uh there are some
elements that are similar and so during
this period of 2008 and
2009 this is a critical historical
reference when analyzing the impact of
rate cuts on the financial markets there
was the global financial crisis which to
some degree we are experiencing right
now but not as significant and that time
you know there was the housing bubble
that started coming down major financial
institutions were crashing and then you
had a severe economic downturn so March
2023 there were banks that were failing
like svb and these were Believe It or
Not massive Banks but they managed to
collapse them into other Banks they
rescued them in a different way than
we've seen before but we can learn some
things from that event and take that
into account for
2024 the sectors that perform the best
well technology did very well afterwards
companies in the technology sector
especially those involved in software
and services showed resilience this
sector benefited from the continued
Innovation and demand for Tech Solutions
you saw that many different companies
I'll give you some names in a second
Consumer Staples companies in this
sector Ty typically sell essential
products which remain in demand
regardless of economic conditions making
them relatively Recession Proof it
depends of course even during 2020 after
the big boom we saw companies that were
really in demand suddenly flip the other
way because there's a lot of speculation
Behind These Investments Healthcare the
healthcare sector often remain stable
during downturns due to the inelastic
demand for healthcare services and
products you've got money that's being
thrown there billions and billions of
dollars every year regardless of the
circumstance right utilities tend to be
stable due to their regulated nature and
consistent demand regardless of the
economic conditions people still need to
use these things so whether it's Market
going up Market going down they can
still have that demand it doesn't mean
that their stocks perform extremely well
even if the economy is down but maybe
they perform better than others and then
also it's worth noting that gold and
precious medals often are seen as a safe
haven and so they could re receive the
benefit of that if there's a crisis if
there's a major crisis it's it's an
important caveat so the specific stocks
for this there's just a few names that
I'll give you and I'm not trying to give
the financial advice what I'm trying to
explain is why they performed well well
Walmart happens to be one of those a
major retailer in the consumer staple
sector Walmart benefited from its focus
on low pric Goods appealing to the
consumers with tighten budgets today we
also have the dollar stores that will do
well during these times McDonald's
another consumer staple McDonald's saw
an increase in demand as consumer
shifted towards more affordable dining
options today that's a little bit off I
mean it's still a cheaper solution for
people than other places but you can see
that the sandwiches are costing much
more than they did during the financial
crisis Johnson and Johnson a key player
in the healthcare sector Johnson and
Johnson's diverse portfolio helped it to
remain stable Microsoft a leading
technology company Microsoft continued
to grow due to its strong product line
and Innovation and since then they have
acquired well uh sort of acquired open
AI they have a very big stake in open Ai
and that means for the future here
they've got a lot going for them you got
gold of course at the same time while
there might be suggestions of gold
mining I really think that when we're
talking about gold we have to stick with
physical precious medals that's the only
one I would ever recommend the others
will trade like stocks versus actual
press prous Metals so their performance
during this period I mean if you look at
an example of Walmart their stock Rose
20% from 2008 to 2009 McDonald's
actually increased 5.6% in
2008 Johnson and Johnson did well
Microsoft experienced a decline
initially recovered towards the end of
20 2009 and you got to understand you
got to look at it in comparison to to
the broad Market how these things do now
that's during the crisis time frame but
think about the year's following of all
of these stocks performing extremely
extremely well and that is what needs to
be taken into account right here and
now if interest rates are cut
considering your scenario where we've
got interest rates coming from this you
know 5%
5.5% range coming down you could have
these sectors which is the technology
Consumer Staples Healthcare and
utilities becoming attractive due to
their relative stability and resilience
in economic downturns if it's a very big
crisis well then gold precious metals
could be doing as good as well and by
the way should I mention gold at the
time of this recording is around that
$2,000 Mark so this is a significant
time and of course of course other
things have been outperforming it but
still doing quite well and we're not
even in a crisis at this point so we'll
keep an eye on that companies with
strong fundamentals Diversified revenue
streams and a history of weathering
economic downturns could be potential
investment targets you could see those
companies like the Walmarts and the
McDonald's Johnson Johnson and Microsoft
having that strong um you know
potentially strong balance sheets it
depends on when you're watching this
video but those are something that I
would pay attention to you want that
strength that's there when you look at a
company you want growth you want to know
that this company has a long-term
potential but you also want stability
because especially if you are requiring
if there's some difficulty like if
they're going to cut rates because oh
now we're admitting it's a recession
well they there could be some
instability at first so you want to have
the big names as part of your portfolio
because you know that any initial
problems will then be you know outgrown
let's say you got to be careful during
these times it all depends on the
circumstances at that given moment but
many have talked about a Fed rate cut in
March only time will
tell you got to understand that during
these periods it's it's very difficult
to predict what happens but taking
everything we know from these past
Cycles which there are elements of 1970
there are even some elements of the
exuberance experienced during the
Roaring 20s we also have the doom boom
but what do we know it's that at the end
of it all when they cut rates inflation
goes up and that makes risk assets do
better
initially usually what occurs is really
dependent on what was hit the hardest
and so for instance Banks and the
housing everything related to
construction and housing and and the
financials really got hit hard during
2008 but there were some other companies
that were very resilient I mean a lot of
things were were going down of course
people were worried they were concerned
but it wasn't long before that Trend
started to reverse and people sayoh you
know what I don't think these things are
exposed to that so I'm going to start
putting my money there as a safe haven
take it out of this company I'm not
going to invest in you know the the
financials going to take my money out of
the banks um and all of these different
establishments insurance companies okay
I'm going to take them out of there and
I'm going to put them in here and there
and so that's the kind of thing that we
need to understand it will unfold
dynamically um and so we need to pay
attention to that I'll bring you those
videos as time goes on but this explains
what happened in the previous cycle what
we can learn from that cycle and then
how that could apply potentially to the
one that we will experience here as we
move into 2024 again this is from the
GPT that I created which Compares all of
the historical Cycles before it and it
lumps them into different
categories so we will see
that um these different categories it
could be a you know commodity situation
like the 1970s it could be a bubble like
the Tulip Mania it could be like the dot
boom and so on takes all of these
different buckets and then it says okay
what's going on today so it does a
search finds out okay what's going on
right now today and then it Compares it
to all of those previous buckets and
then when it has that that information
then it starts going into the report
it's a very interesting thing um and I I
just find it to be interesting the way
that it uh is able to dissect this
information in addition to that of
course i' I've read all of this but it's
nice to get these reports to be so
concise like this and I can bring that
data to you I hope you appreciated this
if you did hit that Thumbs Up Button if
you want to see something else a
comparison of something else I can bring
that information to you any day of the
week okay I hope you will be here
tomorrow make sure to search the money
GPS and you'll get my videos I'll see
you then take care